### Version 3.3.34

- Fixed: Comments for interfaces themselves would not be generated.
- New: Support for .Net known type to improve `Type` name normalization, currently supports `System.Attribute`, `System.Action`.
- Fixed: `Type` name normalization system was unaware of `CSharpFileBuilder` using clauses.
- Fixed: `Type` name normalization wasn't disambiguating `Type` names and `Namespaces` under certain conditions.
- Fixed: Under certain circumstances `CSharpFileBuilder`'s setters and getters would generate the requested access modifiers.
- Added: `TryAddXmlDocComments` extension method to `CSharpDeclaration`s.

### Version 3.3.33

- Update: `CSharpFileBuilder` now has a `TypeDeclarations` which is a collection of Record and Classes in the file. This change allows templates to treat Records or classes in a unified manner.
- Update: `CSharpField` now has a `WithAssignment` method.

### Version 3.3.32

- Update: `CSharpFileBuilder` will now automatically ensure that parameter names for methods and constructors become prefixed with '@' when they would otherwise be a C# language reserved word. This was most commonly an issue when `event` was used for parameter name in an Intent designer.

### Version 3.3.31

- Changed: on `LaunchProfileRegistrationRequest` class, changed `UseSsl` to default to `true`, inline with `launchSettings.json` defaults.
- Added `CSharpObjectInitKeyValueStatement` and object initialization support to builder for easier instantiation of Dictionaries.

### Version 3.3.29

- Update: Now possible to construct `record`s with the `CSharpFileBuilder`. 

### Version 3.3.28

- Update: Class Constructor can be static.
- Update: Class Properties can be static.
- Update: Constructor parameter can have default value.
- Update: Method chain statement builder can now omit semi-colons.
- Update: Free Code Blocks now supported on Interfaces and Classes for cases where only freetext needs to be added a Class / Interface.
- Update: Added `TimeSpan` and `Dictionary<TKey, TValue>` types and made the `Intent.Common.CSharp` package be automatically referenced in all designers.
- Fixed: Methods with abstract keyword and without statements will not output method body.
- Fixed: ` : this()` constructor call didn't show when telling the Constructor to `CallsThis()` without arguments.

### Version 3.3.27

- New: Added Generic Type Constraint support.

### Version 3.3.26

- New statement classes added:
  - CSharpLambdaBlock
  - CSharpObjectInitializerBlock
  - CSharpMethodChainStatement
- Updated Builders for Classes, Interfaces and Methods to accept Generic parameters.

### Version 3.3.23

- Added `.AsEmbeddedResource(...) extension method which will make the file item in the .csproj an Embedded Resource. See https://docs.intentarchitect.com/articles/module-building/templates/how-to-control-file-properties-in-cs-projects/how-to-control-file-properties-in-cs-projects.html for further information.
- The `GetNamespace(this IOutputTarget target)` extension method is now cognisant of the `Root Namespace` value set for a project in the Visual Studio designer.

### Version 3.3.20

- Removed `GetKnownTypesByNamespace is being called before Template Registration has been completed. Ensure that methods like GetTypeName and UseType are not being used in template constructors.` warning.

### Version 3.3.19

- `UseType` and `GetTypeName` can now disambiguate types by additional qualification when it identifies that a type with a matching name exists for more than one namespace which is present in a file's using directives. This can only be done for types which are generated by templates.
- Improved the logic of the `CSharpResolvedTypeInfo.Create` method.

### Version 3.3.18

- Fixed: Non-first generic type parameters were not being normalized. For example `Dictionary<System.String, System.String>` should have been normalized to `Dictionary<String, String>` but was incorrectly normalized to `Dictionary<String, System.String>`.

### Version 3.3.17

 - Builder pattern for templating C# files (see type `Intent.Modules.Common.CSharp.Builder.CSharpFile`). 
	Note that this is an experimental templating pattern and, if used, one should expect changes to the API in future releases.
	An example of this templating approach can be found in the `Intent.Modules.ValueObjects` module in the `Intent.Modules.NET` open-source repository.